For this game, you are required to use Iterative Deepening Search (IDS) and Iterative Deepening A* (IDA*) algorithms to write two programs to solve this problem.

The initial board state given may not have cancer cells in every position.

Input file format:
1 1 1 0
Output file format:
Total run time = 0.004 seconds
An optimal solution has 3 moves:
223
Only one optimal solution needs to be outputted.
If there is no solution (is this possible?), please output:
Total run time = 0.08 seconds.
There is no solution.

Rule:
1. If I click on one cancer cell, the other cancer cells will spread from their original positions in both directions, and the cancer cell in the original position will disappear.
2. The input will only consist of 0s and 1s, where 1 represents a cell with cancer and 0 represents a cell without cancer. The output should be the sequence of indices clicked
3. Only all cancer cell are destroyed(all input become 0) the game is over
4. Read the input from "input.txt" and output the result to "output.txt"

Notice(important):
1. First, you need to create at least 5 input files for testing. The board sizes should vary, and the difficulty levels should be different. You can decide how to create these input files. (Hint: you can consider using random number generators.) Please explain how you created these input files.

2. The source code of the two programs should be commented. Please explain how to run these two programs.

3. Use python to finish the job

4. Only the clicked cancer cell will disappear (and will not spread), while the other cancer cells will spread to the adjacent cells (the cell in the current position will disappear).

5. Be careful not to get stuck in an infinite loop. Set up a mechanism to exit the loop when entering a repetitive step, and output the "Total run time" and "There is no solution" accordingly


The following questions need to be addressed:
Question:
1. How to represent the board state?
2. How to generate the steps required to solve the puzzle?
3. What information should be stored in each node?
4. How to prevent revisiting the same state?
5. How to determine if the puzzle is unsolvable?
6. Is there a risk of running out of memory?
7. Will the results obtained be the optimal solution?
8. Which heuristic function is better to use?
9. Estimate the time and space complexity as well as the computational cost.

