"Genshin Impact" is a famous action role-playing game released in 2020. The game features a fantastic open-world environment and an action based combat system. In this game, players must explore the continent of Teyvat to complete a variety of missions. Additionally, there are a large number of puzzle games and challenges scattered throughout the continent. Players can increase the "Exploration Progress" of the corresponding region by completing missions, challenges, or solving puzzles. As exploration progress serves as an indicator of the level of area exploration, many players strive for high levels of exploration progress, considering it as one of the key achievements in the game.
Corgi is addicted to Genshin Impact recently, and he wants to increase his exploration progress of every region to fully experience the game. As a CSIE student, he knows well about how to achieve his goal in a efficient way. It is known that Teyvat is partitioned into N regions, and Corgi has an exploration plan for each day from day 1 to day M. First of all, he numbered every region from west to east as 0 to N − 1. Then, he planned to increase the exploration progress by k for every region in a given set of regions every day (Note: As exploration progress is represented as percentage, its value is always between 0 and 100. You can simply consider values over 100 as 100). To avoid unnecessary transportation between regions, Corgi only chooses adjacent regions to explore each day. In other words, he only chooses regions numbered from u to v. For example, exploring region 3 to region 5 is acceptable, but skip exploring region 4 is unacceptable. Moreover, Corgi lists an array T of desired exploration progress for each region.
Given the exploration plan list in M days, you are requested to find the day when Corgi achieves his goal according to the array T.

Input
The first line contains N, M, where N represents the number of regions partitioned from the continent, and M represents the number of days. The second line contains N integers separated by spaces, representing array T in the problem. The i-th number, Ti, denotes the desired exploration progress on the i-th day. The next M lines indicate plans for day 1 to day M. In the following i-th line, it contains three integers u, v, k, separated by spaces. u and v represent the plan to explore from region u to region v, and k represents the increment exploration progress on the i-th day.
For all test data, it is guaranteed:
• 1≤ N ≤ 5 × 10^5
• 1 ≤ M ≤ 5 × 10^5
• 0≤Ti≤ 100
• 0 ≤ u ≤ v ≤ N − 1
0 ≤ k ≤ 100
Output
For each test data, output an integer denotes the number of the day when Corgi will complete his goal. If the answer doesn't exist, output -1 instead. Each output should be followed by a newline character.

Hint:
Try to store only the difference between adjacent elements in the array.
E.g. [2, 4, 3] => [0, 2, -1]

Examples1:
INPUT:
4 3
90 80 100 90
0 3 60
0 1 30
2 3 40
OUTPUT:
3

Examples2:
INPUT:
1 1
10
0 0 5
OUTPUT:
-1

Examples3:
INPUT:
10 10
100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
3 8 15
1 2 20
7 9 25
2 6 35
0 9 50
6 9 30
0 3 55
4 9 65
1 4 20
3 3 20
OUTPUT:
7