Write the code in C language:
Description:
The tangram is a dissection puzzle consisting of seven flat polygons, called tans, which are put together to
form shapes. The objective is to replicate a pattern (given only an outline) generally found in a puzzle book
using all seven pieces without overlap.
Now, ShihHeng create a tangram-like game on his own. There is only one kind of L-shaped tans, like below
picture. Our goal is using these tans to fill up square table, which contains some black grids. Every tans can
not overlap with each other.
Unfortunately, he is too clumsy to find a solution about some certain square table. Can you help ShihHeng
find solution about tans-covered game.

Input

The first line contains two integer N and L , indicating the number of black grids and the length of a square
table. In the next N lines, each line contains two integers Xi and Yi , representing the coordinate of the black
square. The coordinate starts from upper left corner (0, 0).
Sample Input1 0 1 represents that black grid is on left most and second from top.
* L is the power of 2
* 2^1 ≤ L ≤ 2^13
* 1 ≤ N ≤ L^2
* 0 ≤ x,y < L
* Chess board can be covered.
* Chess board is composed of at least 4^t adjacent components with same size (2^k' * 2^k' ), which contain
one black grid. 1 ≤ k' ≤ k


Output

Please output the chess board after filling with L-shape tans. In the same L-shape tan, it will be represented by an integer starts with 1 and increment. The position of black grids is 0.

Test Case 1:
Input
1 2
0 1

Expected Output
1 0
1 1

Test Case 2:
Input
4 4
0 0
0 2
2 0
2 2

Expected Output
0 1 0 3
1 1 3 3
0 2 0 4
2 2 4 4
